When you think of war, you actually think, Well, I actually thought of
the soldiers that are on the ground with guns in their hand, looking
over Hill, maybe pulling the trigger. Being in the Navy, I kind of
saw the wide range of jobs that you that you have very few people actually
are shooting and are being shot at, uh, especially for the Navy.
Um, they actually say that an aircraft care is one of the safest
places to be. So you're out there in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Um, you have subs and destroyers around you protecting you. You
have long range radar. Um, also protecting you. So your whole entire
job is to get pilots, uh, toe location so that they can drop bombs
or they can, you know, um, shoot their weapons and then come back safely.
Uh, we're basically the the support for them. So my job was basically
to drive them there to make sure that they have services when
they're in the ocean. So, for instance, I provide electricity for
them. I provide the the speed to get them to the place that they need
to go. I provide them with, um, general electrical things. Now you
have to understand that when you're in the middle of the ocean, you're
not really dealing with, um, war type of things. You know that you're
in a war, but you have thio as long as you understand that you're
in a in a support type role than days are pretty much the same,
you know, like you don't really see other than taking off and coming
back. The pilots. You don't really see exactly how you affect the war
at all. You just know that you got them there and that you're taking
care of them when they're on the ship.